[1.25.0] release notes (#349)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/release-notes/1.25.0.md

---
date: 2020-12-09T10:30:14-08:00
linktitle: "1.25.0"
title: "1.25.0"
kubernetes: "1.17, 1.18, and 1.19"
---

{{<features>}}

> * Added the ability to control access to the KOTS Admin Console by integrating with an identity provider. This feature is only available for licenses that have the Identity Service feature enabled.

Reviewer: This is interesting. These notes are read both by end customers and by vendors. This statement is true, but vendors will only see that feature enabled if they're flagged in. I think we need to mention that. Also, we should call out that it's experimental or alpha.

* Added the ability to redeploy the currently deployed app version.

> * Added support for instance snapshots in embedded clusters.

Reviewer: Probably should mention it's still Beta.

{{</features>}}

{{<changes>}}

> * Update to Troubleshoot v0.9.54

Reviewer: Hmm... what does that actually include?

* Added retry logic to improve reliability of private image detection in environments with challenging networking configuration.
{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}

> * Fix "v1 docker registries are not supported" error message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix "v1 docker registries are not supported" error message.
```

Reviewer: We should be consistent with periods on bullets.

> * Fix "v1 docker registries are not supported" error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed "v1 docker registries are not supported" error message.
```

* Fixed a bug in the Admin Console that showed the wrong CLI command in the error modal when uploading the license fails.
* Fixed a bug that caused [Helm charts](https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/helmchart/) to be silently excluded from deployments due to invalid YAML.

> * Fixed an issue with the "Node Resources" analyzer label filtering that caused an error in case the label is not found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with the "Node Resources" analyzer label filtering that caused an error when the label is not found.
```
